---
title: "Systematic Error Source Analysis of a Real-World Multi-Camera Traffic Surveillance System"
collection: publications
permalink: /publication/2022-7-fusion
date: 2022-07-01
venue: '25th International Conference on Information Fusion (FUSION 2022)'
paperurl: 'https://mediatum.ub.tum.de/node?id=1661428'
---

In this paper, we assess the performance of our real-
world multi-camera traffic surveillance system along a segment
of the A9 Autobahn north of Munich. Its principal component is
a Labeled Multi-Bernoulli based tracking module that sequentially fuses the detection data from parallel camera processing
pipelines. We present a systematic investigation of the system’s
characteristic failure modes that lead to a degradation of its
performance. To this end, we assess state of the art metrics
and performance measures in regard to their suitability for
flagging unwanted behavior or failures in real-world multi-object
tracking systems. Our analysis is structured into three levels of
abstraction: target-level, time-step-level, and track-level. These
abstraction levels allow us to systematically approach the analysis
from different perspectives and to direct the focus on recurring
errors and systemic deficiencies. In particular, the track-level
analysis proved to be the most expedient approach since it drew
our attention to system challenges like occlusions and other time-
correlated detection errors. It further identified the system bias
introduced by the adoption of class-dependent object extents.
Our analysis is intended to guide the future development effort
of our system and to serve as a basis for investigations and
improvements of similar systems.
